The Query Handling System is designed to handle queries which are frequently asked by the students. The Query Handling System will be providing a chance for the students to clarify their doubts by posting questions. Normally it is very hard to handle all this query clarification process manually. The development of the Query Handling System will provide automation process for the clarification of uncertainties by asking the students to post the questions and so that they can get clarification. There will be many questions that are being posted frequently by the students to various departments in the University. The University Examination Department wants to maintain all the frequently asked questions in the database subject wise. From time to time examination’s department will be updating the questions and the related answers into the database. The primary goal of the Query Handling System is to provide an environment that is both convenient and efficient for the students and lecturers through which the students can get clarity about their doubts, for the administrators of a particular department to retrieve the information from database and also for storing the information into the database.

Modules:  Super User [4 marks]  Administrator [4 marks]  Student [4 marks] Super User:  To control the data [2 marks]  Appoints the administrators in each department [2 marks]  Appoints the administrator to a particular department to register the admin [2 marks]  Add/Delete new department(s) like computer science, chemistry, physics, mathematics, etc. [3 marks]  Add/Delete new/old topic(s) to particular department(s) [3 marks]  Add the question with answers and storing the data in database. [4 marks] Administrator:  Administrator can add the question with answers and it will be stored in database for students to retrieve it. [2 marks]  Administrator will modify the answers. [2 marks]  The student post a question in certain department the respective administrator will answer the question and a copy of the answer will be sent to the student. [2 marks] Student:  Student post a question in certain department. [2 marks]  Student check the answer for which he is posted. [2 marks]  Student checks the answer for available questions.